**Journal Entry Started At 9:30 AM EST on July 5th**

I've been really busy the last few days as I'm still settling into my new home (sorry for not keeping up with journal entries!). My mood has still been up and down recently, but there have been a lot more ups (the downs are from grieving my Mom obviously and the fact I'm going to need to put down my last senior dog soon). I did also start another medication on-top of Lexapro (an SSRI I started when my Mom died at 20mg daily dosage). I'm now on Wellbutrin XL 150mg which from my reading, normally pairs well with Lexapro. This is suppose to give me motivation, more energy, and better focus which I've been struggling with a lot, honestly, for my entire life. Obviously, anti-depressants are a hit or miss no matter what, so this medication will either help me (potentially a lot), do nothing, or make me worse. Either way, it's something I wanted to try for a long time and I'm prepared for the side effects. I really do believe I have unbalanced brain chemical levels like dopamine and norepinephrine which the medication could potentially help a lot with.

On top of that, I've also added the following to my daily routine.

* Getting at least 3000 steps a day (I walk in the morning for 3000 steps so I typically get 4000 - 6000 overall for the day).
* Take vitamin D3, B (via Super B Complex supplement, so all 8 B vitamins supposedly), and C (via Super B Complex supplement).
* Taking Metamucil fiber supplement (hoping this'll improve my gut and stomach health).
* Drinking more water.
* Consuming 200mg of caffenine pills in the morning. I normally don't consume caffeine, but it has helped with energy recently and I do want to cut this out if I can once things stabilize. I also don't like the 'crash' that comes with it later on (I'm trying to eliminate mid-day fatigue and tiredness).

Since we haven't went grocery shopping, we've been ordering a lot of takeout food. So my diet hasn't been great, but that is something I plan on improving once we go grocery shopping and such. I'm going to be eating more fruits and may just get a service like Factor which should be healthy (my brother had them before for a while and I really liked the meals he didn't want to eat).

My sleep has been more inconsistent since I moved into the new home (usually getting 5 - 6 hours total every night). Towards the beginning after moving, I found myself waking up for 1+ hours in the middle of the night. So this interrupted my sleep a lot and resulted in a lot less REM and deep sleep. I actually slept for 7 hours last night and didn't get interrupted in the night (so I had better REM and deep sleep). Last night was definitely the best sleep I've had since moving in.

Anyways, apart from that, I've been thinking about my Mom a lot. Just really wishing she was here. Thinking about how she would have done moving out of the childhood home into the current home we're in now. It's a very different way of living (the new house is a lot older and much smaller than my childhood house plus the area is different). I personally don't mind it since I had no issues getting my servers and LAN setup. To be honest, I'm on my computer so much anyways due to the projects and such I work on (well recently, it has been to distract myself with gaming lol).

To be honest, with some of the up days I've had, I've felt guilty with how well I was feeling at times given everything I've been through. I really do think the medication contributed to some of those days too (like I found a lot of interest in some games I was playing which I feel I haven't found any interest in for over 10 years). I'm happy I'm still able to grieve as well (that's what I was worried about with medication, I didn't want it to numb me from being able to grieve entirely). However, if I'm able to boost my physical and mental health to a state that I've never been at before, I believe I'll have a much easier time getting through these awful situations I've faced recently.

I'm also going on a vacation in a week to the shore with my extended family. My Aunt usually rents a house every year for two weeks that we go down to (last year was an exception). It's going to be really, really hard given my Mom always went down with us my entire life, but I think it'll be nice as well.

One other thing I wanted to mention is I've found some interest in getting back into open source development. I really would like to make a REST API for my firewall and proxy projects, but I wanted to write it in C. So this had me interested in also creating a C web server as a test. These are in the ideas stage since I still don't have the energy right now to actually execute (really hoping this'll improve, which the medication may help a lot with as well).