Another night of very good sleep according to my watch. This time I had 3+ hours of REM and 1.5 hours of deep sleep (10 - 11 total hours). I definitely think I'm getting more sleep than usual because I've been mentally and physically exhausted from the stress of my Mom's passing and other things as well.

I ate well today and drank water. I haven't had any issues taking care of myself throughout this entire process so far other than when I found out my Mom was on hospice and wasn't going to make it (that's when I couldn't sleep, eat, or drink much at all for a few days).

I hadn't cried for the last few days until something **really creepy** happened today. It was a crazy coincidence (or maybe a sign if you believe it), but my Mom's phone called me while I was playing a video game. I let it ring twice and denied the call because I was so shaken up and kind of scared. The phone was in our house for a while, but it disappeared a couple of days ago. I called my Mom's phone back two - three times after this because I wanted to know why it called, but it went to voicemail (hearing her voice in the voicemail made me more sad). I then called my sister and she said she had it and it was in her purse. It must have touched something and called me by accident. I did call my Mom's phone a few days ago while grieving to hear her original voice again. So maybe my notification was on the screen at the time and a part of the purse hit the notification and called me back. I don't really know, but afterwards I had my first breakdown in a few days.

I've still been feeling empty and sad overall. A lot of feelings I never really understood from my childhood have been creeping up on me as well and since I no longer have my Mom's stability in my life, I've been needing to confront them head-on. It's hard to explain, but just the feelings of a lot of memories we had and such that I wish I could go back to, but now need to accept I'll never feel that way ever again. It's very strange.

Anyways, Father's Day is tomorrow, so I'm probably going to go over my older half-brother's house since he wanted us to come over. Then need to go out to the store and buy better stuff to wear to the funeral next Monday (6/16/25). Really not looking forward to the funeral, but I'll try my best to get throughout the day I guess.