**Journal Entry Started At 9:46 PM EST on June 16th**

Today was the day. The day of my Mom's funeral. It honestly wasn't nearly as hectic as I thought it was going to be (although I still took a 3 hour nap when I got home lol). Surprisingly, I didn't cry during the funeral as well, but that's because I've been so emotionally numb for the last few days (which in my opinion feels a lot worse than just balling my eyes out crying constantly). I was happy to see some people at the funeral and saw some people I haven't seen in many years (there were many who couldn't make it due to sicknesses or other things going on which was okay). The funeral service itself was beautiful and towards the end, a lot of people spoke up and said great things about my Mom. I wanted to get up and say something, but I feel like I was rarely holding it together and I'm a terrible public speaker. I feel guilty for not speaking on my Mom, but I'm not going to be too hard on myself for that since I'm already going through hell it feels like.

We then had a party/lunch afterwards which was nice. What kept hurting a lot though is I saw a lot of people enter the place who reminded me of my Mom and at times I'd do a little jump up because I thought they were my Mom for a split second, but then realize we were all there due to her funeral. Everything still hurts, a lot. I still can't grasp that I'm never going to see her in this lifetime again. I just want to see her and give her the biggest hug and tell her how much I love her and miss her. I actually started crying as I just typed this paragraph.

I found out all of my counsins will be going to the beach house my Aunt rented for two weeks in July which I was planning to stay the full two weeks at. That's something I'm looking forward to, although I think I'm going to be very sad without my Mom. I just want to spend more time with the family overall.

