**Journal Entry Started At 1:42 PM EST on June 12th**

I had a lot of sleep again (10+ hours with good REM and deep sleep), but also had multiple dreams of my Mom. When I woke up I was feeling a little extra sad. There was still no context or storyline from the dream that I can remember, but they still took place when I was a child. I've always had dreams of being a child, even before my Mom's death and I could never find the reason why (probably something really stupid, lol). Some people say seeing a dead parent in your dream is a sign that they're okay and I hope so. Still just leaves me very sad when waking up and realizing they're not here and not coming back to this life.

The rest of the day has been really just, depressing. I haven't cried, but I've been just drowning in sadness I guess. Rarely anything gives me joy overall and even though I may laugh a bit at some funny videos I come across, it is very short-lasting. There are so many social media posts I've come across that mentions "your Mom" and I remember seeing them all the time years before, but seeing those posts after her death just feels horrible. I was thinking about not using social media for a while, but it has been helping a bit recently as well. So I don't know if I want to stop using it.

I've also been just remembering so many things I had forgotten about with my Mom and I. A lot of distant memories and feelings I had long ago. My Dad also told me he is having a lot of dreams of my Mom, so I'm glad I'm not the only one experiencing them but I do worry about him a lot with everything going on and his current health status.

I made two Reddit posts yesterday ([one](https://www.reddit.com/r/pancreaticcancer/comments/1l9694d/i_lost_my_mom_to_pancreatic_cancer/) and [two](https://www.reddit.com/r/GriefSupport/comments/1l95zkm/i_lost_my_mom_to_pancreatic_cancer/)), so I've been reading the comments on there for comfort. Haven't replied to any public comments yet since there were so many and I haven't had the energy to do so yet. Did start messaging a couple of people privately who can relate which helps a lot. I've only had two friends who can relate to parent loss (one gaming/online friend and the other who I haven't talked to in a while).

Anyways, I've been also trying to think of something I can put a lot of work into that'd distract me, but also make me feel like I'm advancing my life and useful. I really want to get back into working on my open source projects and my other tech projects, but I don't think I'm ready for that yet. I also would like to at some point start doing volunteer work like my Mom always did. I've had these thoughts, just not in the mindstate to execute them right now.