**Journal Entry Started At 8:36 PM EST on July 8th**

Today and yesterday were pretty stressful due to things going on at the new home I won't go into detail about here. Unfortunately, the things causing me stress at the new home are still not getting any better (they will soon though) and there's a new larger stressor that's complicating life a lot right now (not related to the new house, but I don't want to talk about it here, it just sucks).

At least I got decent sleep last night though (7 hours and 45 minutes). I also felt energized most of today along with did my daily 3000+ steps, took all my vitamins, and achieved other beneficial things I've added to my daily routine recently. I also haven't consumed any caffeine the last two days and don't plan to going forward.

I've had a lot of ups and downs the last couple of days, but honestly it's hard to tell if they are from grieving or if they are from side effects of the medication I'm on (or both). When I do feel the ups, I feel really happy, hopeful, and motivated for my future which is really nice (I haven't had that feeling in a long time), but the downs have been really tough and of course the one thing on my mind is missing my Mom dearly. I really do believe the medication I'm on is helping me during the ups which is a good thing, especially this early on. Although I will feel a bit sad if they do end up fully working which they might (just with anti-depressants being so controversial to some and feeling good at points so soon after my Mom, but at this point I've been through so much I just don't care about what others think).

Another thing on my mind is everything has been so hectic recently and I don't believe I've even had time to properly grieve/process everything. So many things are still going on too, my last dog will need to be put down soon, my brother is going moving across the country, etc. That's just how life goes though. I just want/need to regain full motivation and focus on working tech-related projects like my IT company and contract work which I seem to be making progress with which is good!