**Journal Entry Started At 7:16 PM EST on September 18th**

I've been wanting to write an update on how my life has been for a while now, but because so much time had passed since I wrote my last daily journal update, I just felt I was too far behind and failed to achieve my goal of writing daily entries plus I wasn't sure where to exactly start since I've been holding in so many things. I do believe this feeling of guilt should really be the least of my concerns given everything I'm going through, so I'm going to try just moving forward and hopefully nobody is upset or disappointed that I haven't wrote any journal entries recently. Plus, it has been a lot harder to write about my Mom the last couple of months because the shock has finally settled and writing about my Mom brings back so many memories (mostly painful memories right now), but I'm constantly reminded of those memories anyways, so I'm not sure why I'm hesitant to write...

Anyways, I've decided to continue writing public journal entries, but they'll be a lot more spread out like they are now. This entry will also be all over the place since there is a lot on my mind; I'm sorry in advanced.

Since the last entry I wrote, my life has continued to be all over the place and my emotions have also continued fluctuating. My last senior Dog passed away after she had a really bad seizure. I wasn't expecting her to last long since she was very old and had issues with walking, so I was prepared, but she was the last animal tied to my Mom other than the awesome dog we gave away shortly before my Mom passed due to everything going on (which I'll also likely never see again). My Mom's birthday had also passed which was really sad and my younger brother moved to California (really proud of him!). So it has just been my Dad and I living at the house now. I'm home alone a lot, but that's fine and doesn't bother me for the most part. There was also a lot of stress from family drama (I wasn't involved thankfully), the new house/living conditions, and a few other things throughout the Summer. The upcoming transition to the Fall has made things a lot more harder when grieving as well and it doesn't help I just had an increase in my medication which makes things unstable at first (Wellbutrin which has helped lot forunately, which I'll talk about more later; Dosage increase from 150MG to 300MG daily).

One *great* thing *now* is my living situation has fully stabilized which was a huge stressor throughout the Summer. However, with the Summer ending soon and Fall approaching, the bad moments have been a lot stronger than usual.

Usually the Fall is my favorite season. I love the temperature change, leaves changing colors and falling off trees, etc. It's just a **beautiful season** in my opinion. I didn't like it when I was in school because you know, that's when Summer ended. I also don't personally like days getting shorter (my Mom hated it!), but even then, I still consider the Fall my favorite time of the year now that I'm no longer in school (I also love(d) Halloween and I'm a big fan of horror games/movies).

I've been absolutely **dreading** this upcoming Fall, and pretty much every holiday to come. Something that has made the Fall so special to me at home in the past is the decorations my Mom would put out inside and outside my childhood home and the scents she'd use around the house. Even though most of the decorations were over 20 years old, I grew up with them and I'm realizing now they were a big part of my childhood and life. This applies to all seasons, not specifically the Fall. My Mom had decorations for every season, but the Fall and Winter decorations were my favorite.

I didn't really realize how important things like decorations and scents were until I moved back home after living in San Antonio, Texas for around 5 years alone (back in late 2022). I was never into decorating, so my apartment in Texas and even my current room is just bland (clean, but just no decorations and such, I guess I'm just boring, lol). So moving back home made me realize all of this (I guess I saw it before, just it was a lot more noticeable after moving back) and I just can't believe it's all gone. My Dad and I aren't into decorating, so the house we live in now has no decorations (I don't mind it in general). We sometimes light a candle every now and then, but nothing like what we had at my childhood home. At least the current house has a good amount of furniture and such (mostly from the old house) so it doesn't look empty like how my apartment looked..

It's not directly related to the above, but it makes me think of something I appreciated over the years. That is **stability**, in general. The world is obviously changing all of the time and the cliche saying is you don't realize what you had until it's gone. What's different though is I did realize it and I appreciated it. However, I just didn't know it'd be gone so soon in my life. I remember this past Winter I asked my Mom if we were going to the yearly Christmas party we've attended pretty much every year for the last 10 - 12 years (not including when I was in San Antonio, TX). The previous year, many of the people who go got covid, so it was rescheduled until New Years which just didn't feel the same. However, this past winter we did go at the usual time (Christmas Eve). When I asked her this, I didn't think much of it, but she noticed and also was surprised that I always looked forward to going to this party year after year even though I don't really participate there plus I'm not the outgoing type. The party itself had a lot of family members from my Mom's side that I'd only see at that time of the year and while I didn't talk to or get to know many of them (I'm either shy or just suck at initiating conversations), it was like a routine. I think it was something she appreciated as well, but most people don't appreciate things like that until they're much older than I am I guess? I believe most younger adults live in the moment whereas I'm constantly living elsewhere and prefer stability I feel, so I figured that point of view was more unique to me.

I still just find it so ironic. I used to fear losing my parents and dogs so soon all of the time and when I started to finally manage those feelings, all of this happens. Kind of like the decorations and such, I realized and appreciated it, but it still got pulled out from under me in what it feels a blink of an eye. I don't know, it just feels like a twisted joke to me, but that's life I suppose. I know a lot of these are cliches, but it's just so surreal when it finally happens to you. It's also so weird going on social media and constantly seeing others you know whether from school, my childhood, or other parts of the family make so many accomplishments and goals in life, and it seems they're living their best life. People are getting married, getting a house, and such. Others are just living at home and spending time with their family which is how I was living life for the last few years until all of htis happened. And to be clear, I'm definitely happy for everyone else, but it's just so funny to me how much different life can be for people at the same age I guess. What's even a scarier thought that I just can't really manage now given the circumstances is there is a very real chance I may be parentless in the next 10 years and that breaks me.

Now let's talk about the final thing that has been bothering me before I start talking about some good stuff in my life. That is **dreams**. I've hated having dreams in the past and I certainly do not like having them now. I also do more than likely have sleep apnea + insomnia, so that may contribute to the way my dreams are. Now, my dreams aren't *nightmares*, I don't wake up sweating usually. I did sometimes wake up crying, but that was a long time ago when I used to drink alcohol.

The issue with my dreams are I rarely remember them when I wake up, but I remember bits and pieces, and the memories are so, uncomfortable and unsettling? They're all confusing and **constantly** take place during my childhood (I always had dreams like this, but now they're 10 times more emotional and all take place at my childhood home that I moved out of this Summer after my Mom passed). I'm not sure how to describe it. I remember a part of my dream a couple of nights ago where my Mom was alive and I remember in the dream I was actually questioning it (usually I don't recall current events). So I knew she wasn't supposed to be alive, but I thought it was a miracle. I then woke up and she wasn't here. That's why I hate dreams personally, but to many, seeing their parents in dreams are signs and they love it when it happens. I'm just not that type sadly. I just want my Mom to come back in real life, not in a dream where I'll wake up realizing it's not reality and become even more sad.

I also wanted to note, I don't believe my dreams have anything to do with my sleep insomnia. I've always had sleep insomnia and I don't necessarily *dread* going to sleep, I just wish my dreams weren't so screwed up. Many other factors could go into these dreams as well including the fact that I more than likely have sleep apnea and other chronic sleep issues.

ANYWAYS, there is a lot more to say regarding the bad feelings, I said enough and I just want to focus on something a bit more positive.

I feel very fortunate because since my last journal update, I regained **so much** motivation for my tech projects including my contract work. The primary project I've been working on recently is my modding community website [here](https://moddingcommunity.com/). Although I've had the same amount of motivation at times in the past, I would easily become burnt out. However, I really believe a combination of the medication I'm taking, especially Wellbutrin which is supposed to help with things like burnout, plus the consistent walking routine I have (and taking vitamins + eating healthier), has really helped me manage the burnout and I also feel I am learning so much more efficiently as well. I really regret not trying this out sooner and waiting until the worst moment in my life to change things. I also just increased my Wellbutrin dosage from 150MG to 300MG. I'm hoping it'll come with additional improvement after the initial side effects (I've been a lot more emotional the last day or two since starting it, but what else is new). I know medication is controversal, but I'm really glad I at least tried it, even though I do feel guilty at times that I may need it to learn information more efficiently (I had learning deficiencies during my childhood and perhaps this medication is tackling an issue I never knew I had?).

A lot of times when I'm feeling really sad, I just get up and start walking around in my room for 30 - 40 minutes. I know this sounds a little crazy, but it has helped a lot. It also helps release a lot of the built up emotion or helps me think about my tech projects. I've also been just trying to distact myself with these projects as well.

So although the last few months have been the absolute hell for me, I feel really fortunate that I have this project to look forward to working on. Many others in the same boat don't have that motivation and I was really worried that would happen to me (which is why I started the medication right around the time my Mom passed). I really don't know where my head would be at otherwise because I feel this is the only thing I look forward to at this point that has been making me even a little happy.

The only potential issue I've found with this is it has made me want to be alone more, which it weird because a part of me does and doesn't want to be alone. I haven't really talked or hung out with anybody other than seeing/talking to my Dad at the house. I think it's more so that I put so much work into the projects that it burns my social side out (which already gets burnt out easily) and that makes me not want to talk to people? Either way, that has sucked. Just feeling so alone that is with everything going on, but I'm fine as well.

I think that's going to be it from me on this entry. 

TL;DR: The last few months have been hell and the worst part of my life for obvious reasons and Fall approaching is only escalating the bad feelings since it makes me miss my Mom a lot more and the shock from my Mom's death + everything else is finally settling. **HOWEVER**, I've regained a lot of motivation for my tech projects and at this point that's the only thing providing me with any bit of happiness.

All in all, I do want to make clear **I am okay**. I'm sorry for the extremely long journal update and rant as well. I just wanted to get a lot of things off my chest that I've been holding in given I don't have anybody really to talk to about it. I hope this doesn't just go into the void and it can help someone else out there going through similar issues.

P.S. I still plan on making an open source tribute website in the future, but I wanted to improve my website design and development skills beforehand which will come from what I'm trying to accomplish with my tech projects at this time. Also sorry for any late replies whether through Discord message or GitHub issues.